It is officially too late to speak now ...  'cause Kim Kardashian and Kanye West are finally husband and wife.

Mr. and Mrs. Kanye West tied the knot Saturday at Fort di Belvedere in Florence, Italy surrounded by family and friends ... and according to on-lookers, Kanye was pretty nervous before the ceremony.

We're told Andrea Bocelli sang as Kim was walked down the aisle by Bruce Jenner.

Our sources say all guests were also required to sign a confidentiality agreement.

Based on pics of the wedding site ... it looks like the reception will be held at the Fort -- but the way things have been going, who knows?!

Kanye and Kim started dating in 2012 and the following year Yeezus proposed after an elaborate ceremony inside San Francisco's AT&T Park.

This is Kanye's first marriage -- and Kim's third.

Mazel tov!

Shawn Corey Carter (born December 4, 1969), better known by his stage name Jay-Z, is an American rapper, record producer, entrepreneur and occasional actor. He is one of the most financially successful hip hop artists and entrepreneurs in America, having a net worth of over $450 million as of 2011. He has sold approximately 50 million albums worldwide, while receiving fourteen Grammy Awards for his musical work, and numerous additional nominations. He is consistently ranked as one of the greatest rappers of all-time. He was ranked #1 by MTV in their list of The Greatest MCs of All-Time in 2006. Two of his albums, Reasonable Doubt (1996) and The Blueprint (2001) are considered landmarks in the genre with both of them being ranked in Rolling Stone magazine's list of the 500 greatest albums of all time. Blender included the former on their 500 CDs You Must Own Before You Die. Jay-Z co-owns the 40/40 Club, is part-owner of the National Basketball Association's Brooklyn Nets and is also the creator of the line Rocawear. He is the former CEO of Def Jam Recordings, one of the three founders of Roc-A-Fella Records, and the founder of Roc Nation. As an artist, he holds the record for most

Kimberly Noel "Kim" Kardashian (born October 21, 1980) is an American socialite, reality television star, model and occasional actress. She is known for starring in Keeping Up with the Kardashians, the E! reality series that she shares with her family, and its spin-offs including Kourtney and Kim Take New York. Prior to the development of her career as a reality television star, Kardashian gained notoriety as the subject of a sex tape that subsequently resulted in a court awarding her $5 million. She has been involved in the production of several lines of clothing and fragrances. In 2010, she was the highest earning reality star, with estimated earnings of $6 million. In August 2011, Kardashian married basketball player Kris Humphries in a widely publicized ceremony. In October 2011, Kardashian filed for divorce. Kardashian was born in Los Angeles, California, the daughter of attorney Robert Kardashian and his wife Kris Kardashian (née Houghton). Her father was a third generation Armenian American. Her paternal great-grandparents, Sam and Harom Kardaschoff, were ethnic Armenian Molokan Jumpers from Karakale, Kars, Russian Empire (now Turkey). They migrated to the United States in

Justin Bieber put on a shirt ... and a dazzling display of humanitarianism at a celebrity gala in Cannes, where he dropped $545K ... for charity.

Bieber -- all gussied up in a black, double-breasted suit -- hit up the amfAR gala, which raises money for AIDS research. People started making huge pledges of money -- one wealthy gent pledged $545K and Bieber -- quietly and without fanfare -- matched it.

We're told the crowd -- which included Leo DiCaprio, Heidi Klum, John Travolta, and Sharon Stone -- was stunned. Justin was asked if he seriously wanted to pledge such a huge amount and he said yep.

Biebs said he just felt inspired to do something good.

Rihanna may dislike Charlie Sheen ... but she really likes the restaurant where she dissed him Wednesday night ... because she came back the next night and made a spectacle of herself.

Rihanna showed up at Giorgio Baldi in Santa Monica Thursday ... knowing photogs would ask about the war of words between Charlie and her ... ignited after she refused to interact with him and his fiancee during dinner.

In what can be interpreted as an F-you to Sheen, Rihanna got all friendly with gawkers as she walked in ... but ignored questions about Charlie.

Miley Cyrus just got an emergency restraining order against a "delusuional" fan who allegedly said he won't stop hunting her down until she "accepts him or he dies" ... TMZ has learned.

Devon Meek was arrested on May 16 by LAPD's Threat Management Unit, and while in custody he told officers a bunch of crazy things -- like Miley speaks to him through the radio, and he hears screaming voices in head ... this according to court docs obtained by TMZ.

Meek told cops he heard Miley say she "adores" him in one of her song -- and according to the docs, he also told cops they might as well shoot him in the head ... if he can't meet Miley.

24-year-old Meek was placed on a 5150 hold ... and as of yesterday he was still in custody at a mental health facility.

He has to stay 100 yards away from Miley ... according to the restraining order.

It's not listed in the docs, but we're guessing Meek heard the "adore" comment in Miley's hit ... "Adore You."

Lindsay Lohan's motto is when in Rome, Paris, L.A., Secaucus ... Cannes ... doesn't really matter -- as long as you keep the party going ... which she did in a French nightclub last night.

LiLo shrugged off her sobriety struggles, and hit up VIP Room in Cannes -- and while she wasn't seen drinking on camera ... she was surrounded by the worst temptations -- alcohol and French guys.

Lindsay's brother Michael was also there to keep his eye -- and hands -- on her. Yeah, it's a little uncomfortable ... check the video.

Chris Brown is feeling the Rhythm of the Night ... with the guy in the next cell.

The most famous inmate at L.A. County Jail is passing his time singing tunes with the 8th (we're generous) most famous inmate -- James DeBarge.

The two R& B stars are locked up in side-by-side cells -- in the segregated unit for high profile inmates.

We're told they've been collaborating on music and have already written three songs, performing them during the long days ... with other cellmates harmonizing.

This is kind of amazing ... they can't see each other.  It's all about the sounds.

You know why Chris is behind bars.  As for DeBarge ... it's all about those pesky drug convictions.

Wonder who's opening for who?

Cops believe 2 people captured on surveillance video near V. Stiviano's house may be the culprits in the attempted burglary of her home.

Law enforcement sources tell us ... one of Stiviano's neighbors gave this video to cops, showing 2 people traversing the area at the time of the attempted break-in.  TMZ independently obtained the video.

We broke the story ... someone broke Stiviano's front window and tried to jimmy another at her L.A. duplex.

Cops are trying to determine the identity of the 2 people.  We're told so far ... this is their best lead.   The video -- which TMZ acquired with the help of FoxyLux.com -- could help solve the case .

The reason for the attempted burglary is unclear ... but Stiviano's people have put the word out there ... she has more than 100 hours of audio capturing  conversations with Donald Sterling.

Here's Tom Cruise (left) seen out to dinner in London where he's promoting his new movie, "Edge of Tomorrow" ... and John Travolta (right) leaving a party last summer.

Even Adele Dazeem couldn't tell them apart.

The war is over ... Tom Cruise has settled his epic $50 million libel suit against a magazine publisher that accused him of abandoning his daughter Suri ... and part of the settlement included a carefully-worded apology.

The terms of the settlement are sealed. Each side will pay its own legal fees.

Part of the deal was that the defendants issue the following statement:  "Bauer Publishing, 'In Touch' and 'Life and Style' never intended to communicate that Tom Cruise had cut off all ties and abandoned his daughter Suri and regret if anyone drew that inference from anything they published."

As we reported ... Cruise sued Bauer Media Group last year over a cover story that appeared in Life & Style magazine claiming he had "abandoned" his then-6-year-old daughter Suri in the wake of his divorce from Katie Holmes.

The conflict was pretty insane -- you'll recall, Tom sat for a deposition in the lawsuit and compared acting to fighting in Afghanistan.

Regardless, it's all water under the bridge now.

Wanna see supermodel Adriana Lima smack her beautiful face into a sideview mirror? Well, you are sick, twisted ... and in luck!

This video (with bonus slo-mo) of Adriana's accident is awesome -- but more awesomer than a shovel to the head? Watch and decide.

Khloe Kardashian high-styled it outside Paris Friday ... hours before her sister Kim ties the knot with Kanye West.

Khloe -- who by the way looks great -- was at Château de Wideville posing in the gardens.

She was there with Kim, Kris, Kendall AND ... Valentino.

As we reported ... after the ceremony there will be a reception, but the big bash is Saturday in Florence at Fort Belvedere.  There will be a second event in Florence, but Kanye is keeping details top secret.

Reese Witherspoon put her checkered (and awesome) past with cops behind her today ... and donned a police uniform ... right here on American soil!

Reese is playing a police officer in her new movie, "Don't Mess With Texas" ... alongside Sofia Vergara. They're filming down in Louisiana -- where Reese recently did some Karaoke with Kenny Chesney.

Sofia definitely looks like she needs to be frisked, but Reese ... make sure you know her name before slapping the cuffs on her.

Who's obstructing whose justice now?

Alec Baldwin was detained in New York City Tuesday morning after riding his bike the wrong way on Fifth Avenue and 16th street.

Here's the crazy part ... it seems one of the factors in the arrest was that Alec didn't have his ID on him when he was riding.

We're told Alec was taken to the police station so he could be properly identified ... standard ops.

Law enforcement sources tell us Alec was belligerent with officers while in custody ... which resulted in his getting a ticket for disorderly conduct -- on top of the ticket for riding the wrong way.

Sources tell us he was riding alone ... it was just for exercise.  Alec's wife was not there.

The ID part of the story is kind of amazing, because Alec is a fixture in New York.
Barbara Walters may have gotten the mistress and the wife, but Anderson Cooper got the grand prize Sunday ... a sit down with Donald Sterling ﻿... TMZ has learned.

Cooper flew in to Los Angeles this morning, checked into his hotel, and made a bee-line to Sterling's Beverly Hills house, where the interview went down.

Before the interview, Sterling met with his lawyer, who was not present during the interview with Cooper. The interview will air Monday night on "Anderson Cooper 360."

TMZ shot video of Anderson leaving the house after the interview, but he was mum.

Our sources say Sterling has been champing at the bit to publicly defend himself against racism allegations after TMZ Sports posted the now famous recording.

This was Anderson's second bite at the apple -- last week, he tried convincing Sterling to do the interview ... but failed.

If you're anything like us, you're going to see Maleficent this weekend because you want to see a horned, frightening, yet still freakishly beautiful Angelina Jolie casting evil on a sweet, innocent princess.
And while the critics seem to unanimously agree that Jolie is fantastic playing the villain, there is some doubt amongst them as to why the plot layout and special effects don't seem quite up to par with her acting skills.
Variety's Andrew Barker, for example, took issue with the pace of the film, saying it would have "actually benefit[ted] from some slow-paced indulgence." And while while he found some of the bonding scenes between Maleficent and Elle Fanning's Princess Aurora character to be "rough and rushed," he praised Jolie as being "perfectly cast...and [doing] work despite substantial physical constraints. She spends the entire film wearing a prosthetic nose, cheeks, teeth and ears, with moon-sized contact lenses and a bulky set of horns atop her head."

After spending early May in the United States and Mexico, the globe-trotting couple reunited in Italy Tuesday, where they were photographed sharing a candlelit meal at Venice's Ristorante da Ivo.
The future spouses were joined by several friends, including Clooney's bodyguard. "The mood was relaxed and informal," a source tells E! news of the he two-hour dinner. "Everyone was enjoying wine."
Nicole Scherzinger and Lewis Hamilton also dined at the restaurant, but the couples did not interact.
Clooney, 53, and Alamuddin, 36, left the restaurant holding hands around 11:45 p.m. local time.
According to People, the actor and the lawyer are planning exchange vows this fall. When paparazzi recently asked Cindy Crawford if she was in Pairs for their wedding, she replied, "It's in September."
The magazine also reports that Clooney and Alamuddin are hoping to find a secluded wedding venue to tie the knot. They will reportedly follow it up with a party near Alamuddin's Lebanese hometown.

Kate Middleton looked appropriately regal when she and Prince William traveled to Perth and Kinross in Scotland Thursday. The 32-year-old Duchess of Cambridge, known as the Countess of Strathearn in the European nation, modeled a red Jonathan Saunders coat for the royal couple's official outing.
Middleton selected the look to honor Scotland, as Saunders is a native. The Athena Wool Jacquard Coat in Red Stripe is from the Autumn/Winter 2014 collection, retailing for approximately $2,555.
The Duchess' dress was by Goat. Middleton also wore a Celtic design brooch, which was wedding gift.

Brad Pitt almost brought back Fight Club (but shhh, you don't talk about Fight Club).
After being one of the last to happily arrive to the blue carpet hand-in-hand with his lady Angelina Jolie for the Hollywood premiere of Maleficent, the hunky star found himself in a very awkward and almost physical situation.
An eyewitness tells E! News that notorious red carpet prankster Vitalii Sediuk (you remember him, right?) rushed the A-lister after deciding to jump the rope and hop onto the carpet. Sediuk apparently got into contact with Brad but police quickly took control of the situation and detained the man.
LAPD tells E! News that Pitt was walking the carpet when a man jumped over the barricade. The male individual made contact with the star and officers arrested the man. He was taken into custody and is being booked for battery. The police department does not have any information on whether or not Pitt retaliated.

Amanda Bynes is obviously benefiting from that endorphin rush.
The 28-year-old was all smiles while leaving a Cardio Barre studio near her parents' home in Thousand Oaks, Calif., her blond hair bouncing and her bod looking as fit as ever in leggings and a black T-shirt.
As usual, she kept her eyes shielded behind oversize shades. Black flip-flops showed off red polish on her toes.
Bynes has apeared increasingly happy and healthy since she enrolled in fashion school earlier this year after spending time in treatment and cleaning up the legal messes of varying sizes that she got into over the last two years.

Was Madonna on a "Holiday"? Nope.
Her Madgesty was scheduled to report to Manhattan Supreme Court bright and early for jury duty on Tuesday, but didn't show. But don't worry, nothing was amiss. The pop star, who had spent the weekend in the Hamptons, handed in an official doctor's note in lieu of her presence in the jury pool.
New York County Clerk Norman Goodman confirmed with E! News that the 55-year-old recording artist and actress is currently medically excused. The office further affirmed that she'll be honoring her civic duties going forward and is working with them on an upcoming date to appear for service.

The Material Girl's last public appearance was on a horse, as she enjoyed her time in the Hamptons where she owns an eight-bedroom mansion.
Madonna shared the pic with her tongue sticking out in mock disgust, writing "My horse got me like...........Whoa! #horsepoo."
And when she wasn't horseback riding in style and breaking up scuffles on the sand, she also posted snapshots of her "Surf Stud," son Rocco Ritchie and the "Hottest Girl on the Beach," her French Bulldog Olga.

Sam Smith is opening up about his sexuality.
In a new interview with Fader, the 22-year-old breakout singer from Britain reveals that despite writing songs about love, he's never experienced it himself.
"I've never been in a relationship before," Smith admits. "I've only been in unrequited relationships where people haven't loved me back. I guess I'm a little bit attracted to that in a bad way. [My debut album] In the Lonely Hour is about a guy that I fell in love with last year, and he didn't love me back. I think I'm over it now, but I was in a very dark place. I kept feeling lonely in the fact that I hadn't felt love before. I've felt the bad things. And what's a more powerful emotion: pain or happiness?"

Former Disney Exec David Neuman has been quietly dropped from a sexual molestation case filed by a man who raked him over the coals at a very public news conference.

Kobe Bryant and Michael Jordan had a private dinner together in Beverly Hills last night -- eating at one of the fanciest steak joints in town ... TMZ Sports has learned.

Lil Wayne, Birdman and the rest of the Young Money Entertainment crew are not abandoning Justin Bieber in the wake of the latest racist video to surface ... telling TMZ that Bieber is still family.

How many women (with or without underwear) can superstar DJ Calvin Harris cram into an SUV!? A LOT -- Calvin had a ridiculous trail of smoking babes following him to his ride outside an L.A. club.

Charlize Theron pulled a total normie move at Pinkberry ... telling 'em she didn't have any money on her to pay her $3.75 fro-yo tab!

She's so lucky the Pinkberry employee trusted her to come back -- and the employee's super lucky Charlize came back ... with BIG money!
